“Never be ashamed of a scar. It means you were stronger than whatever tried to hurt you.”
“Dealing with depression effectively is a mark not of weakness, but your strength.”
“We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.”
“Stress is an ignorant state. It believes that everything is an emergency. Nothing is that important.”
“Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.”
“Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.”
“Breathe darling. This is just a chapter. It’s not your whole story.”
“Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess. Just breathe and have faith that everything will work out for the best.”
“It is mental slavery to cling to things that have stopped serving its purpose in your life.”
“Trust yourself. You’ve survived a lot, and you’ll survive whatever is coming.”
“Don’t let your mind bully your body into believing it must carry the burden of its worries.”
“The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.”
“A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.”
“The part can never be well unless the whole is well.”
“The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.”
“There is a crack in everything. That’s how the light gets in.”
“There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.”
“No matter how long the night, the dawn will break.”
“Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.”
“We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.”
“You are stronger than you think. You have gotten through every bad day in your life, and you are undefeated.”
“The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on.”
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.”
“You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.”
“You don’t have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you.”
“Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard.”
“You don’t have to be fearless. Doing it afraid is just as brave.”
“Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we’ll ever do.”
“Healing takes time, and asking for help is a courageous step.”
“Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.”
“You don’t have to be strong all the time. It’s okay to let your guard down.”
“You don’t always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens.”
“Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.”
“You don’t drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.”
“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.”
“Grief is in two parts. The first is loss. The second is the remaking of life.”
“Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.”
“It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.”
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple."
"Be you, love you. All ways, always."
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you."
"Worrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength."
"As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being."
"Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response."
"Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water."
"Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light."
"Depression doesn't take away your talents, it just makes them harder to find."
"Never be ashamed of wanting to be a better you, period."
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
"You're not the first to go through it, you're not going to be the last to go through it."
"If you take care of your mind, you take care of the world."
“Life doesn’t make any sense without interdependence. We need each other, and the sooner we learn that, the better for us all.”
“Sometimes the people around you won’t understand your journey. They don’t need to, it’s not for them.”
“Your present circumstances don’t determine where you go; they merely determine where you start.”
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.”
"The best use of imagination is creativity. The worst use of imagination is anxiety."
"Show yourself the same love, empathy, and patience you show to those around you."
"Don’t be ashamed of your story. It will inspire others."
"You are braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think."
"Stay away from negative people, they have a problem for every solution."
"You didn’t come this far to only come this far."
"Rest when you’re weary. Refresh and renew yourself."
"Scars tell the story of where you’ve been, but they don’t dictate where you’re going."
"Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it."
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass…It’s about learning to dance in the rain.”
“The sun never quits shining. Sometimes, clouds just get in the way.”
“Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.”
“Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.”
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.”
"Don't let others define you or they might pick the worst word in the dictionary"